# packages in environment at /scratch/midway2/brimittleman/anaconda3/envs/three-prime-env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main  
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.5.4            py37h14c3975_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.3                      py_1    conda-forge
argcomplete               1.9.4                 py37_1000    conda-forge
argh                      0.26.2                py37_1001    conda-forge
asciitree                 0.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
asn1crypto                0.24.0                py37_1003    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
atk                       2.25.90           hf2eb9ee_1001    conda-forge
attrs                     19.1.0                     py_0    conda-forge
bcrypt                    3.1.6            py37h516909a_1    conda-forge
bedops                    2.4.36               h6bb024c_1    bioconda
bedtools                  2.27.1               he860b03_3    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.31.1               h6176602_1  
binutils_linux-64         2.31.1               h6176602_8  
biopython                 1.74             py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
blosc                     1.17.0               he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
bokeh                     1.3.4                    py37_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.9.211                    py_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.12.211                   py_0    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17               hed695b0_6    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.11                        0    conda-forge
bz2file                   0.98                       py_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2019.6.16            hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cachetools                2.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.14.12           h80bd089_1005    conda-forge
certifi                   2019.6.16                py37_1    conda-forge
cffi                      1.12.3           py37h8022711_0    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4                 py37_1003    conda-forge
click                     7.0                        py_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               1.2.1                      py_0    conda-forge
colormath                 3.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
configargparse            0.13.0                     py_1    conda-forge
cooler                    0.8.5            py37h1341992_0    bioconda
cryptography              2.5              py37hb7f436b_1    conda-forge
curl                      7.64.0               h646f8bb_0    conda-forge
cutadapt                  2.4              py37h14c3975_0    bioconda
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_1    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.10.0           py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
dask                      2.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8              py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.0            h4e0c4b3_1000    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
deeptools                 3.3.0                      py_0    bioconda
deeptoolsintervals        0.1.9            py37h516909a_0    bioconda
dill                      0.3.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
distributed               2.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
dnaio                     0.3              py37h14c3975_1    bioconda
docutils                  0.15.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   9.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.5             he1b5a44_1003    conda-forge
fastqc                    0.11.8                        1    bioconda
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 h6964260_0  
fontconfig                2.13.1            he4413a7_1000    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.0               he983fc9_1    conda-forge
fsspec                    0.4.1                      py_0    conda-forge
ftputil                   3.4                        py_0    conda-forge
future                    0.17.1                py37_1000    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         7.3.0                habb00fd_1    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              7.3.0                h553295d_8    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.32.2                        1    bioconda
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
gffutils                  0.9                        py_1    bioconda
gfortran_impl_linux-64    7.3.0                hdf63c60_1  
gfortran_linux-64         7.3.0                h553295d_8  
ghostscript               9.18                          1    bioconda
gitdb2                    2.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.56.2            had28632_1001    conda-forge
gobject-introspection     1.56.1          py37h9e29830_1001    conda-forge
google-api-core           1.14.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
google-auth               1.6.3                      py_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      1.18.0                     py_0    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    0.3.2                      py_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.6.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
graphviz                  2.38.0            hcf1ce16_1009    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.12.5            h0cc0488_1000    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.31           h5baeb44_1000    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         7.3.0                hdf63c60_1    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              7.3.0                h553295d_8    conda-forge
h5py                      2.9.0           nompi_py37hcafd542_1103    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  1.9.0             he243708_1001    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.4          nompi_h3c11f04_1106    conda-forge
heapdict                  1.0.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
hicmatrix                 11                         py_0    bioconda
htslib                    1.9                  ha228f0b_7    bioconda
icu                       58.2              hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
idna                      2.8                   py37_1000    conda-forge
intervaltree              3.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.10.1                     py_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  0.9.4                      py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.0.2                    py37_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
kallisto                  0.46.0               hb6a4e58_0    bioconda
kiwisolver                1.1.0            py37hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.16.3            hc83ff2d_1000    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               12_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               12_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.64.0               h01ee5af_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.0                  h14c3975_1    bioconda
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1006    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.1.0                hdf63c60_0  
libgfortran-ng            7.3.0                hdf63c60_0  
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1005    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               12_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.7                h6e990d7_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.9.1                h8b12597_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.8.0             h1ad7b7a_1003    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.1.0                hdf63c60_0  
libtiff                   4.0.10            h57b8799_1003    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.9                h13577e0_2    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.32            hae48121_1003    conda-forge
locket                    0.2.0                      py_2    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.8.3             he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
lzstring                  1.0.4                   py_1001    conda-forge
make                      4.2.1             h14c3975_2004    conda-forge
markdown                  3.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h14c3975_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.1.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.1.1            py37hfd891ef_0    conda-forge
meme                      5.0.5           py37pl526h19b89cf_0    bioconda
mock                      3.0.5                    py37_0    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                     openmpi    conda-forge
msgpack-python            0.6.1            py37h6bb024c_0    conda-forge
multidict                 4.5.2           py37h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
multiprocess              0.70.8           py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
multiqc                   1.7                        py_4    bioconda
mysql-connector-c         6.1.6                         2    bioconda
nbformat                  4.4.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
networkx                  2.3                        py_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.7.0            py37hb3f55d8_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.17.0           py37h95a1406_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46                       py_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.1            h516909a_1016    conda-forge
openmpi                   4.0.1                hc99cbb1_2    conda-forge
openssl                   1.0.2r               h14c3975_0    conda-forge
packaging                 19.0                       py_0    conda-forge
pairix                    0.3.7            py37h84994c4_0    bioconda
pandas                    0.25.0           py37hb3f55d8_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.7.3                         0    conda-forge
pango                     1.40.14           hf0c64fd_1003    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.6.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.41              hf484d3e_1003    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7044                  pl526_1    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-cgi                  4.44            pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.74                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-dbi                  1.642                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-encode               2.88                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.36                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-path            2.16                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304                  pl526_2    bioconda
perl-file-which           1.23                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.72            pl526h6bb024c_5    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-html-template        2.97                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-html-tree            5.07                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-json                 4.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl526h6bb024c_3    bioconda
perl-log-log4perl         1.49                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-math-cdf             0.1             pl526h14c3975_5    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.52            pl526h516909a_0    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.0                     pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44            pl526h4e0c4b3_7    bioconda
perl-xml-sax              1.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-expat        0.51                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-xml-simple           2.25                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-yaml                 1.29                    pl526_0    bioconda
picard                    2.20.5                        0    bioconda
pigz                      2.3.4                         0    conda-forge
pillow                    6.1.0            py37h6b7be26_1    conda-forge
pip                       19.2.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.34.0            h14c3975_1003    conda-forge
plotly                    4.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
prettytable               0.7.2                      py_3    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.9.1            py37he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.6.3            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
py2bit                    0.3.0            py37h14c3975_2    bioconda
pyasn1                    0.4.6                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.6                      py_0    conda-forge
pybedtools                0.8.0            py37he860b03_1    bioconda
pybigwig                  0.3.13           py37h5295baf_2    bioconda
pycparser                 2.19                     py37_1    conda-forge
pyfaidx                   0.5.5.2                    py_1    bioconda
pygenometracks            3.0                        py_0    bioconda
pygments                  2.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
pygraphviz                1.5             py37h516909a_1001    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.3.0           py37h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.0.0                   py37_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.6.0           py37h13b7fb3_1008    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.15.4           py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.15.3           py37hda2845c_1    bioconda
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
pytables                  3.5.2            py37ha1aa75f_0    conda-forge
python                    3.7.1             hd21baee_1001    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        0.7.0                      py_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2019.2                     py_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.1.2            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.6.2             hbe13537_1012    conda-forge
r-acepack                 1.4.1           r35h9bbef5b_1003    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-backports               1.1.4             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-base                    3.5.1             he45234b_1005    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r35hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.69.0_1          r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-broom                   0.5.2             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.3.1             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-checkmate               1.9.4             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-cli                     1.1.0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.0             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.0             r35h9bbef5b_1    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_16          r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-colorspace              1.4_1             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-cowplot                 1.0.0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.0.0           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.0               r35hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.11.6           r351hc070d10_0    bioconda
r-dbi                     1.0.0           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  1.4.2             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.2.0           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.20            r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-domc                    1.3.6                     r35_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   0.8.3             r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.8               r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.2.0.1           r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.0           r35hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.4.0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.4.7             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_71          r35hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-formula                 1.2_3           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.3.1             r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-generics                0.0.2           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-getopt                  1.20.3                    r35_1    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.2.1             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ggpubr                  0.2.2             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ggrepel                 0.8.1             r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-ggsci                   2.9             r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-ggsignif                0.6.0             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.3.1             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r35h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.1.1             r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-hmisc                   4.2_0             r35h9bbef5b_1    conda-forge
r-hms                     0.5.0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-htmltable               1.13.1          r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.3.6           r35he1b5a44_1003    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.3             r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.5.1             r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.1             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-inline                  0.3.15          r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-intervals               0.15.1          r35h0357c0b_1003    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.12            r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.6             r35hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.24              r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.3             r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-later                   0.8.0             r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_38         r35hcdcec82_1002    conda-forge
r-latticeextra            0.6_28          r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-leafcutter              0.2                r3h6b519b2_0    davidaknowles
r-loo                     2.1.0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.7.4           r35h0357c0b_1002    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r35hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_51.4          r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_17            r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             0.54.0          r35hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_28            r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.7               r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-modelr                  0.1.5             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_141           r35h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_12          r35hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.1             r351hff1dc39_1001    conda-forge
r-optparse                1.6.2             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.2             r35h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.0.4             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.2           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.4           r35h0357c0b_1003    conda-forge
r-polynom                 1.4_0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.0.2           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-processx                3.4.1             r35hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-promises                1.0.1           r35h0357c0b_1001    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.3.0           r35hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.2             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.7.1           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.22.0          r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.9.0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.4.0             r35h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.2             r35h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rcppeigen               0.3.3.5.0         r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.3.1           r35h0357c0b_1001    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-reprex                  0.3.0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.3           r35h0357c0b_1004    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.0             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               1.14              r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               1.3_2           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rstan                   2.19.2            r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.10              r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rvest                   0.3.4             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.0.0           r35h0357c0b_1002    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_1           r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.3.2             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-shinycssloaders         0.2.0           r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7           r35he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
r-stanheaders             2.18.1_10         r35h6786f55_1    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.4.3             r35h0357c0b_2    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-survival                2.44_1.1          r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-tibble                  2.1.3             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   0.8.3             r35h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              0.2.5           r35h0357c0b_1001    conda-forge
r-tidyverse               1.2.1           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.15              r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r35hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.2.0             r35hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-viridis                 0.5.1           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.3_2           r35h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.1.2           r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.8               r35h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.2.2             r35h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r35h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.0           r35hcdcec82_1002    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r35h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
ratelimiter               1.2.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
readline                  7.0               hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
regex                     2019.08.19       py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.22.0                   py37_1    conda-forge
retrying                  1.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
rsa                       3.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.2.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.9                  h43f6869_9    bioconda
scipy                     1.3.1            py37h921218d_2    conda-forge
setuptools                41.0.1                   py37_0    conda-forge
simplejson                3.16.0          py37h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
sip                       4.18.1          py37hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
six                       1.12.0                py37_1000    conda-forge
smmap2                    2.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 5.5.4                         1    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         5.5.4                      py_1    bioconda
sortedcontainers          2.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
spectra                   0.0.11                     py_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.28.0               h8b20d00_0    conda-forge
sra-tools                 2.9.6                hf484d3e_0    bioconda
star                      2.7.2a                        0    bioconda
subread                   1.6.4                h84994c4_1    bioconda
tblib                     1.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.9             hed695b0_1002    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h555a92e_1    conda-forge
toolz                     0.10.0                     py_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.3            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.2                 py37_1000    conda-forge
ucsc-bedgraphtobigwig     377                  h199ee4e_0    bioconda
ucsc-bedtogenepred        366                  h199ee4e_1    bioconda
ucsc-bigwigmerge          377                  h199ee4e_0    bioconda
ucsc-bigwigtobedgraph     377                  h199ee4e_0    bioconda
ucsc-genepredtogtf        377                  h199ee4e_1    bioconda
ucsc-gtftogenepred        377                  h199ee4e_1    bioconda
ucsc-wigtobigwig          377                  h199ee4e_0    bioconda
umi_tools                 1.0.0            py37h14c3975_0    bioconda
urllib3                   1.25.3                   py37_0    conda-forge
verifybamid               1.1.3                hd28b015_2    bioconda
wheel                     0.33.6                   py37_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.11.2           py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
xmlrunner                 1.7.7                      py_0    conda-forge
xopen                     0.7.3                      py_0    bioconda
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.8                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxpm               3.5.12            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.1.5             h516909a_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.4             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
yaml                      0.1.7             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
yarl                      1.3.0           py37h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
zict                      1.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1005    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.0                h3b9ef0a_0    conda-forge
